feat(ci): add PR review workflow using bundled /review skill (#4549)
QwenLM/qwen-code: packages/core/src/skills/bundled/review/SKILL.md

Your goal here is to understand the scope of changes so you can dispatch agents effectively in Step 4.

> First, parse the `--comment` and `--ci` flags: split the arguments by whitespace, and if any token is exactly `--comment` (not a substring match — ignore tokens like `--commentary`), set the comment flag and remove that token from the argument list. If any token is exactly `--ci`, set CI mode and remove that token from the argument list. CI mode is for non-interactive automation: do not ask confirmation questions, do not apply autofixes, and do not execute dependency installation, build, test, package-manager commands, project scripts, or other PR-controlled code. In CI mode, any `run_shell_command` use must be limited to trusted review helper subcommands (`qwen review fetch-pr`, `qwen review pr-context`, `qwen review load-rules`, `qwen review presubmit`, `qwen review cleanup`) and read-only inspection commands such as `git`, `gh`, `rg`, `sed`, `cat`, `head`, `tail`, `nl`, `wc`, and `find`; never execute files from the PR worktree. If `--comment` is set but the review target is not a PR, warn the user: "Warning: `--comment` flag is ignored because the review target is not a PR." and continue without it.

Author: Fixed in 735b2c559 — updated CI mode allowlist to explicitly permit `gh pr review` and `gh pr comment` for review submission.

> First, parse the `--comment` and `--ci` flags: split the arguments by whitespace, and if any token is exactly `--comment` (not a substring match — ignore tokens like `--commentary`), set the comment flag and remove that token from the argument list. If any token is exactly `--ci`, set CI mode and remove that token from the argument list. CI mode is for non-interactive automation: do not ask confirmation questions, do not apply autofixes, and do not execute dependency installation, build, test, package-manager commands, project scripts, or other PR-controlled code. In CI mode, any `run_shell_command` use must be limited to trusted review helper subcommands (`qwen review fetch-pr`, `qwen review pr-context`, `qwen review load-rules`, `qwen review presubmit`, `qwen review cleanup`), read-only inspection commands such as `git`, `gh`, `rg`, `sed`, `cat`, `head`, `tail`, `nl`, `wc`, and `find`, and the minimal GitHub write calls required for review submission (`gh pr review`, `gh pr comment`); never execute files from the PR worktree. If `--comment` is set but the review target is not a PR, warn the user: "Warning: `--comment` flag is ignored because the review target is not a PR." and continue without it.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The CI-mode allowlist classifies `sed` and `find` as "read-only inspection commands." Both have mutating capabilities: `sed -i` edits files in place, and `find -exec`/`-delete` can remove files or execute arbitrary commands. Under `--approval-mode yolo`, the LLM uses this allowlist to decide which commands are permissible — misclassifying these weakens the defense-in-depth boundary.

Consider qualifying the listing:
> `read-only inspection commands such as git, gh, rg, cat, head, tail, nl, wc, grep, sed (no -i), and find (no -exec/-delete)`

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

> First, parse the `--comment` and `--ci` flags: split the arguments by whitespace, and if any token is exactly `--comment` (not a substring match — ignore tokens like `--commentary`), set the comment flag and remove that token from the argument list. If any token is exactly `--ci`, set CI mode and remove that token from the argument list. CI mode is for non-interactive automation: do not ask confirmation questions, do not apply autofixes, and do not execute dependency installation, build, test, package-manager commands, project scripts, or other PR-controlled code. In CI mode, any `run_shell_command` use must be limited to trusted review helper subcommands (`qwen review fetch-pr`, `qwen review pr-context`, `qwen review load-rules`, `qwen review presubmit`, `qwen review cleanup`), read-only inspection commands such as `git`, `gh`, `rg`, `sed`, `cat`, `head`, `tail`, `nl`, `wc`, and `find`, and the minimal GitHub write calls required for review submission (`gh pr review`, `gh pr comment`); never execute files from the PR worktree. If `--comment` is set but the review target is not a PR, warn the user: "Warning: `--comment` flag is ignored because the review target is not a PR." and continue without it.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** CI 模式的 allowlist 把 `sed` 和 `find` 归类为 "read-only inspection commands"，但两者都有修改能力：`sed -i` 原地编辑文件，`find -exec`/`-delete` 可以删除文件或执行任意命令。在 `--approval-mode yolo` 下，LLM 以此 allowlist 判断哪些命令可用 — 误分类会削弱纵深防御边界。

建议加上限定说明：
> `read-only inspection commands such as git, gh, rg, cat, head, tail, nl, wc, grep, sed (no -i), and find (no -exec/-delete)`

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

## Step 4: Parallel multi-dimensional review

> Launch review agents by invoking all `task` tools in a **single response**. The runtime executes agent tools concurrently — they will run in parallel. You MUST include all tool calls in one response; do NOT send them one at a time. Launch **9 agents** for same-repo reviews (Agent 6 has three persona variants 6a/6b/6c that each count as a separate parallel agent), or **8 agents** (skip Agent 7: Build & Test) for cross-repo lightweight mode or CI mode. Each agent should focus exclusively on its dimension.

Author: **[Suggestion]** The sentence "or **8 agents** (skip Agent 7: Build & Test) for cross-repo lightweight mode or CI mode" is syntactically ambiguous. A literal reading says same-repo CI reviews should still launch 9 agents (including Agent 7), but CI mode explicitly skips build/test in Steps 1 and 3. The LLM orchestrator may launch Agent 7 for same-repo CI reviews, which would attempt to run `npm run build` / `npm test` against PR-controlled code — contradicting CI mode security restrictions.

```suggestion
Launch **9 agents** for same-repo interactive reviews, or **8 agents** (skip Agent 7: Build & Test) for cross-repo lightweight mode or CI mode (regardless of repo origin).
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

Author: Fixed in 735b2c559 — added "(regardless of repo origin)" to clarify CI mode always skips Agent 7.
